SK CAPITAL LAUNCH CANDIDATE: VERIFICATION SCOPE
7 October 2026

COMMANDS
npm ci
npm run lint
npx tsc -b --force
npm run build
npm test
npm run test:launch

AUTOMATED COVERAGE
The portable DOM suite checks 15 flows: homepage and business areas, navigation and Escape, pilot CTAs/anchors/metadata, local enquiry preview/repeat/clear behavior, FAQ disclosures, advisory selection, route navigation, Back/Forward, portable pricing alias, runway calculation/validation/close, six sample-model views, all content routes and not-found handling, and absence of active contact endpoints in disabled preview mode.

The four isolated launch checks cover invalid launch configurations, the enabled email-draft CTA, safe encoding of enquiry inputs without sending, and preservation of the actual disabled configuration. The live fixture uses a reserved example.test address and does not send an email.

TypeScript and Vite build cover the source used by the normal deployment. Route metadata checks verify the seven known routes. The sample model uses shared derived figures and reconciles its P&L, cash bridge and unit economics.

NOT VERIFIED BY THESE TESTS
Rendered browser/device layouts, actual contrast, screen-reader behavior, native modal focus handling, hosted deep links, a working business mailbox, hosting-plan eligibility and live deployment behavior. These are explicit launch gates in LAUNCH_PREPARATION.md.

The DOM tests stub scrolling, media-query and native-dialog methods. The portable file uses preview-only hash routing and system fonts. The normal deployment keeps BrowserRouter and the /pricing redirect. Generated HTML and JSON test results are ignored and regenerated locally.

The initial source baseline had 12 lint errors and one warning. Small source corrections and a narrow Fast Refresh allowance for established UI helper/style exports resolve them; unrelated lint rules remain active. No general dependency security audit is claimed.

Actual fresh check results for the submitted commit are recorded in the pull request description. Any CI or hosting integration result is separate from these local checks.
